hey how's it going guys this is Dave -
Dee and this is my review of the 2016 15
inch MacBook Pro so this is the fully
SPECT out version the 2.9 gigahertz CPU
and the Radeon Pro 460 retails for
$3,100 u.s. is pretty steep the exterior
is super clean there's no light up logo
anymore but the build quality is amazing
literally the best on the market the XPS
15 and the 14 inch razor blade are the
closest but they're still pretty far off
machining on this MacBook is really
impressive the 13-inch base MacBook Pro
had two Thunderbolt 3 ports I really
didn't like how few there were but the
15-inch MacBook Pro has four of these
ports a much more comfortable number a
lot of people are upset about the
adapters and dongles that we need to
kind of make everything work now and I
get it my camera uses an SD card slot I
need to use an adapter now to make
everything work but in 2018 like a year
from now people will not care about the
old-school USB port it's important now
because we're in a transitionary period
but this is what you need you need
people like Apple and Lenovo and HP like
you need the popular computer companies
to be aggressive and stick use PC ports
and everything so that accessory makers
will adapt and bring us those devices as
well
I want use PC mice I want UCC everything
and the best way to do it an aggressive
way to do it is doing this it sucks
while you're in the transition your
period but a year from now will be good
this is a keyboard that takes time to
appreciate I didn't like the keyboard on
the 12-inch MacBook the first gen
butterfly switches were pretty lame and
I never got used to them these switches
are better and I would say that the
biggest difference for me is that after
using it for a week I've gotten used to
and I actually really like this keyboard
when you try it for the first time it's
going to feel terrible because it's
probably very different from what you're
used to the travel is short the keys
feel too big and the arrow keys are in
that weird spot where you might hit
shift when you're trying to press the
uparrow key boards are all about
personal preference but I think most
people can learn to like this keyboard
the display is awesome very brights with
great color gamut and accuracy it's
noticeably better than last year's model
I don't fight call it the best of screen
because there are some
excellent 15 inch screens out there I
prefer the display on the XPS 15 but
this is a fantastic display definitely
one of the best if you're unfamiliar
with the touch part it's basically a
strip of touchscreen with configurable
software buttons and controls and this
strip replaced all the function keys on
the keyboard and when I first got this
laptop in I use the touch bar as much as
I could to get a feel for it so I could
form an opinion on it and like most
reviewers I found it cool like fun to
play with but certainly not
revolutionary and fast forward a week
later I find that I don't use this touch
bar very much there's nothing wrong with
it it works as intended it's got great
texture it doesn't get all fingerprint
tea the tech is solid and touch ID works
really well my problem with the touch
bar is that you have to look away from
the screen to look at the touch bar to
use it and that inherently makes a
workflow a little bit less efficient so
let's say you're in mail and you're
trying to manage your mail for the day
it's nice to have extra functions and
commands available on the touch bar but
to use them I have to glance down press
them and then look back up and the same
thing goes with suggested words while
you're typing or if you're in the
calendar app or any of the touch bar
features keyboard shortcuts let you
maintain your focus on the screen so I
flag emails edit videos play Starcraft
all with keyboard shortcuts so I don't
to look away from the screen now there
are some cool things you can do with it
I like scrubbing through videos I love
the integration with Apple Maps I love
neon cat and developers are working on
better integration but I feel like we've
been here before I feel like we've done
the whole let's wait for developers to
come up with something cool for it
before we judge it I don't know I feel
like it's something that I would
probably never use very often the
speakers are really good the baseline
13-inch MacBook Pro has killer speakers
so I thought these would be way better
because there's more room to work with
but they sound very similar to the
13-inch possibly worse like they have
better bass but not as clear sounding
still really awesome speakers though the
trackpad is massive it's a great
trackpad MacBooks still have the best
trackpads
great texture excellent taptic mechanics
but this time I think it's too big so
I'm someone who uses the right click as
secondary click and not everyone does
this it's something a lot of Windows
users do and I'm getting occasional
issues with palm rejection because my
hand is making contact with the bottom
right surface while left clicking so it
thinks I'm trying to right click ok in
terms of everyday lightweight
performance like email and web browsing
this thing is super fast because the
hardware is top end the skylake chip in
here is one of the fastest laptop CPUs
right now and they're running
ridiculously fast drives now sadly these
drives are soldered on which is so
annoying
you can't upgrade them or even replace
them if they fail it has 16 gigs of RAM
it's a bummer you can't upgrade it but
I'm actually ok with 16 gigs it's enough
for what I do the GPU in here is the
Radeon Pro 460 now Apple talks it up a
lot with some big numbers and cool
crafts but for what I use the laptop for
performance is not great these are some
render times for my last YouTube video I
use Adobe Premiere these are the speeds
of the top spec 2015 MacBook Pro from
last year using OpenCL and metal to
render and then this is from the top
spec 2016 MacBook Pro the one I have
here performance is better but it's
pretty mild and then these are some
other setups I tested just for kicks now
it's kind of silly to compare the
performance across platform like this
because Windows laptops have Nvidia
cards and use CUDA acceleration but the
takeaway is this if you're an Adobe user
particularly Adobe Premiere this Apple
laptop is going to perform worse than an
equivalent Windows laptop I don't know
mean equivalent in terms of pricing
because Apple laptops are always going
to be more expensive I'm talking about
products here a top-tier thin and light
Windows laptop with a gtx 960m or gtx
1050 that's coming out those will
outperform this macbook easily so if
you're kind of contemplating getting one
of these things and you're an Adobe user
you should probably end that train of
thought and look at Windows laptops
now if you're a final cut user it's a
completely different ball of wax I don't
use final cut so I can't speak about it
intelligently but my understanding is
this final cut is awesome on this new
MacBook Pro in terms of gaming
performance this is a laptop that isn't
really designed for heavy gaming but
I'll be doing a dedicated video for
gaming on all the different Mac books
including external GPUs pretty soon so
stay tuned for that the thermals are
great even when going full-tilt
the temperatures are very comfortable to
use fan noise is silent on idle as usual
but unload it's actually a little
quieter than last year's model it's a
smaller battery this year the CP is more
power efficient and Mac OS has really
good power management so when I use a
laptop for lighter stuff like emails web
browsing or media consumption
I'll hit eight hours comfortably but if
I'm pushing it hard on a video edit I'm
getting shorter battery life than last
year by around 20% I don't love that the
MagSafe connection is gone and that's a
bummer but the removable cable on the AC
adapter is awesome
I've had many frayed cables over the
years that require new chargers and now
you can just replace the cable so even
though Apple is making some serious Bank
selling dongles they're probably going
to sell less power adapters okay some
closing thoughts here I like the idea of
the 15-inch MacBook Pro I like the OLED
strip I like the Thunderbolt 3 ports I
like the display
I love the fast drive speeds it has some
shortcomings but the overall package is
really nice to use the pricing however
is ridiculous it's essentially double
the price of really good top-end Windows
laptops and compared to those and even
last year's macbook pro like their
top-end 15-inch MacBook Pro from last
year this doesn't make sense as to why
this is so expensive it's almost $1000
more than it should be in my opinion now
it's a good product the feature set is
good the performance is good but for
most people it just is way too expensive
and overpriced that's the end of this
video hope you guys liked it thumbs
would be liked it
subs if you loved it it's been nice I'll
see you guys next time
you